= Redmine CSV File Importer

This plugin can import issues or time entries from CSV files.
The database is used for intermediate storage.

== Requirements

- Redmine 1.0.0
- Fastercsv gem (1.5.3 and 1.5.4 tested)

== Installation and Setup

To install:
- Install fastercsv gem if not present by running 'gem install fastercsv'
- Download the plugin to your vendors/plugins directory
- Run 'rake db:migrate_plugins RAILS_ENV=production'
- Restart your redmine as appropriate

To setup :
- Go to the Admin/Projects/../Modules
- Enable "CSV File Importer" 
- Set permissions according to your needs
- To import time entries, you need to define an issue customized field whose name must be "CSV-IMP-ID" and assign it to appropriates trackers. This customize field is used to bind issues with csv file.

== CSV file format

- Lines :
	- One header row.
	- One or more data rows.

- Field separator : what you want !!

- Field delimiter : what you want !!

- Known encodings :
	- UTF-8
	- ISO8859-1
	- ISO8859-15
	- EUC
	- SJIS

=== For issues import

User documentation for this part https://github.com/leovitch/redmine_importer/wiki.

*Example*

(_TODO_)

=== For time entries import

Following fields mut be present in this order (titles are only chosen for clarity):
- Id : a string whose value is a CSV-IMP-ID value affected to an existing issue.
- Comment (string) : time entry comment.
- Date (date) : date spent on (format : YYYY-MM-DD).
- Activity (string): activity name.
- Hours (decimal) : number of hours spent.
- User (string) : user login.

*Example*

	Id;Comment;Date;Activity;Hours;User
	15;A simple test;2012-01-20;Test;3.5;John
	16;Specifications writing;2012-01-20;Spec;4.75;Eric
	17;Bug #324;2012-01-21;Support;3;John

== Localizations

en, fr localizations included.

== Licence

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2. See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Credits

This plugin was created by merging the Redmine Issue Importer plugin (https://github.com/leovitch/redmine_importer) and the Bulk Time Entry Plugin (https://github.com/edavis10/redmine-bulk_time_entry_plugin), plus some minor improvements.

So, I'm very thankful to their creators : Leo Hourtvitz and Eric Davis.



